DAN: It's been over a year since we defeated Gundalia
in the battle for Neathia and the Sacred Orb.
Once we returned to Earth and rebuilt a mega Bakugan
Interspace the number of people accessing it from
around the world totally exploded!
DAN: Of course Drago and I are back in action, along with our
pals Marucho and his new partner Tristar; and Shun
who's rockin' the Battle Arena with Taylean.
DAN: The flood of new battlers
means we're up against some
crazy serious competition now!
This is Bakugan battling like you've never seen it before...
DAN: ...but we're in it to win it!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
TRISTAR: If I keep watching this,
I'm gonna explode!
Who the heck does that guy think he is,
coming in here and busting things up like that?
MARUCHO: I think the bigger question is;
Where did this Mechtogan character come from?
[\u266a]
DAN: [angry grunt]
TAYLEAN: Whatever the case,
we've got a serious problem on our hands.
DAN: How could something that came from Drago,
be so evil and destructive?
It makes no sense!
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Disconnect.
[\u266a]
MARUCHO: It was a total miracle
that no one got hurt.
We won't get that lucky again, guys.
SHUN: So Dan.
Where were you and Drago when
all this was happening?
You never told us.
DAN: Nowhere.
[grunt]
MARUCHO: What do you mean?
DAN: I uh...mean we uh...
we were at my place, chilling out.
[throat clearing]
DAN: Um.. I just remembered,
I gotta pick up a package for my mom so...
TRISTAR: Dan's a great battler but a lousy liar.
MARUCHO: Something is definitely going
on with those two guys, that's for sure.
TAYLEAN: We can't worry about that now.
We need to focus on getting rid of Zenthon
before he causes any more damage.
SHUN: I wonder if Dan knows more about Zenthon
than he's admitting.
DAN: I thought the powers from Code Eve
would be a good thing.
DRAGO: Well maybe they're a blessing in disguise.
DAN: I dunno.
Too bad they didn't...
DAN: ...come with a set of instructions.
DRAGO: No kidding.
BOY A: I'm telling you, Anubias is the baddest
battler there is right now.
He's hardcore!
BOY B: Yeah, and remember how he saved those people
from that Mechtogan attack?
BOY A: Dude's got guts!
GIRL A: I dunno, guys.
If you ask me I think Sellon's pretty bangin'.
GIRL B: Yeah, she's foxy and tough!
She's totally the best!
NOAH: You guys are all totally nuts.
Dan and Drago are way better than
any of those lame clowns.
BOY A: No way.
Those guys are totally old and played out, man.
NOAH: Say what you want, but those two are a team
who always fight as one.
No one else sticks together through thick and
thin like they do.
NOAH: I totally admire the bond they have.
BOY A: What?
BOY B: If they're so loyal, then where were
they when their teammate Marucho was in trouble?
Tell me that, huh Noah!
NOAH: They must've had a...
NOAH: ...really good reason not to be there,
otherwise they would've been!
BOY A: Whatever, dude!
BOY B: Know what?
I bet Dan thought he was too cool to be bothered.
NOAH: You're wrong, dude!
Dan and Drago would never leave a teammate hanging
like that!
You got me?
BOY A: Okay.
Chill dude.
BOY B: Let's just head over to the meet and
greet, okay?
BOY A: Yeah, let's go!
NOAH: [frustrated grunt]
NOAH: Those guys don't know what
they're talking about!
Dan and Drago are the best!
DAN: [gasp] Huh.
NOAH: Hmmm?
Anubias?
ANUBIAS: I hear you've been talking smack about me.
How bout you say it to my face kid?
NOAH: I...uh...I
ANUBIAS: Go on.
I wanna hear it.
NOAH: All I said was that Dan and Drago are
my favourites, that's all, man.
ANUBIAS: Hmmph. Relax, kid.
ANUBIAS: I like your style.
NOAH: Gee...uh...thanks.
ANUBIAS: I've got nothing but respect for someone
with strong opinions, who doesn't bend to peer pressure.
NOAH: Yeah?
ANUBIAS: Maybe one day soon, I can earn you as a fan.
MARUCHO: What's going on, guys?
DAN: I told you guys.
I gotta pick stuff up for my Mom.
MARUCHO: If there's something bothering you guys,
you can tell us.
We're here for you.
SHUN: Mmmm hmmm.
DAN: Yeah, we know but seriously...
DAN: Everything's cool.
There's nothing to worry about, okay?
DYLAN: Well isn't this a lucky coincidence, huh Brawlers?
DAN: [gasp] Man, this is a private conversation,
Dylan. Hit the bricks.
DYLAN: That's a little harsh, buddy. Relax.
I'm just here because I want to give you a chance
to give some love back to your fans.
DAN: Whah?
MARUCHO: [gasp]
GIRL A: I can't believe we're gonna
get to meet Sellon!
GIRL B: What a trip!
BOY A: Oh man, I think I see Anubias.
BOY B: Yeah, and there's Ben!
BOY C: And and Jack!
CROWS OF SPECTATORS: [excited whispers]
DAN: Huh? What is this thing?
MARUCHO: It looks like a meet and greet.
TRISTAR: So are we supposed to shake hands
and sign autographs?
DYLAN; Don't you think that's the least you can
do for you loyal legion of adoring fans?
DAN: And how much are you charging them, huh?
DYLAN: Relax, it's a paltry five credits each,
with all of the proceeds going to charity.
DAN: Yeah, right!
More like your wallet.
I'm outta here!
MARUCHO: Dan, wait!
SELLON: It must be terribly hard for you, Dan.
Having to share the spotlight with others.
DAN: [gasp]
SELLON: But you shouldn't punish your
fans because of your own fragile ego.
DAN: [angry grunt]
BEN: Come on, Big Time!
Go say hi to the few fans you have left!
SELLON: No one can be number one forever, Dan.
Why not show the fans that you're at
least a gracious sportsman?
DYLAN: It'll be quick and easy.
Just follow me this way, okay?
MARUCHO: Maybe it's not such a bad idea, if we say
a quick hello to the kids, huh Dan?
TRISTAR: Yeah, why not give them
the thrill of a lifetime?
DAN: Sorry guys.
Not today.
DAN: Drago, you know this is not an ego thing right?
DRAGO: You don't have to explain anything to me.
I know we have to focus on getting
my powers in check.
ANUBIAS: I can't believe it.
Are you really turning your back on your fans,
Kuso?
ANUBIAS: These kids worship you and
you're going to just slap them in the face,
like this Dan?
DAN: [angry grunt]
ANUBIAS: I met a kid who said you were his hero today,
but after seeing this,
I gotta say, he deserves way better.
DAN: Mind your own business.
ANUBIAS: Don't you walk away from me!
DAN: [gasp]
ANUBIAS: If you're such a big deal...
...then fight me!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: If we keep avoiding, he may try and
trick us into battle.
DAN: Yeah...
DAN: [angry grunt]
DRAGO: That would be dangerous with my powers
being so unpredictable.
DAN: Fine! Then we're gonna take
control of the battle and do this our way!
DRAGO: Yes, I'm with you one hundred percent!
DAN: Sweet.
SHUN: Are you really falling for Anubias' taunts?
DAN: Hmmm?
MARUCHO: Sorry guys, but...
TRISTAR: We heard you talking crazy!
SHUN: Seriously it's too dangerous to battle with
Zenthon still lurking around this place.
TAYLEAN: We need all hands on deck to battle him in
case he decides to return.
DAN: Don't worry, if he shows his ugly face again,
we'll drop whatever we're doing and throw down.
But for now, we gotta go.
TAYLEAN: That didn't go very well.
SHUN: Nope.
DAN: Drago! Let's show Anubias
who number one is!
ANUBIAS: It's time I show Kuso's fans who the real hero is!
[\u266a]
DAN: Okay, let's do this Anubias!
ANUBIAS: I thought you'd never ask, Kuso.
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: Bakugan Field, Open!
[\u266a]
DAN: Perfect!
DAN: Gate Card, set!
DAN: Yeah!
Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Bakugan Stand!
DAN: Let's kick it, Pyrus Titanium Dragonoid!
ANUBIAS: Bakugan Brawl!
ANUBIAS: Bakugan Stand!
ANUBIAS: Rise Darkus Horridian!
ANUBIAS: [grunt] These guys may be cocky but
they've got mad skills. Be careful!
ANUBIAS: Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Deadly Nightmare!
DAN: Drago! Watch out!
DRAGO: Got it!
DRAGO: Hmmph!
DAN: Nice!
Let's counter attack!
DRAGO: You read my mind!
[grunt]
ANUBIAS: How nice.
A challenge.
ANUBIAS: Horridian!
Let's give them more of the same!
DAN: Hah!
Ability activate!
DAN: Titanium Screen!
DRAGO: [grunt]
ANUBIAS: Well now, that's quite the shield.
ANUBIAS: Fine then!
Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Tribal Crusher!
DRAGO: [grunt]
ANUBIAS: Maybe you should have stayed
on the defensive.
ANUBIAS: Then again it wouldn't have mattered
against that attack!
DRAGO: Oooomph!
ANUBIAS: Ready for more?
ANUBIAS: Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Mangler Claw!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon String!
DRAGO: Haaah.
Haaah!
DAN: How do you like that, Anubias?
We know how to rock the offensive too!
ANUBIAS: Horridian!
Get up!
ANUBIAS: Right now!
We won't be taken down by such a simple attack!
DAN: You think it's that simple?
DAN: Ability activate!
DRAGO: Dragon Hard Striker!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: [groan]
DAN: Aw snap! Not now! Fight it, Drago!
[grunt]
DRAGO: Must try and contain this...
ANUBIAS: Hmmm?
TRISTAR: What the heck was that?
Drago just defused himself!
MARUCHO: Weird.
SELLON: Why would Drago pull back like that?
NOAH: They're not giving up, are they?
DAN: You okay, buddy?
DRAGO: Yes, but that was close.
ANUBIAS: Don't you dare hold back on my account!
Do you hear me!
ANUBIAS: Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Ferion Commando!
DRAGO: Huh?
What?
DRAGO: What's happening?
DRAGO: [grunt]
DAN: Gate Card, Open!
DAN: Pyrus Enforcement!
DRAGO: Haaaaah!
ANUBIAS: Horridian!
DRAGO: [grunt]
Okay, Dan I'm ready to rock.
DAN: Oh yeah! That's what I'm talkin' about!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Blazer!
DRAGO: Haaaah!
ANUBIAS: Horridian!
DAN: Hah!
NOAH: Yeah!
They did it! Alright!
MARUCHO: That was a pretty impressive win, indeed!
SHUN: But it still looked like Drago was struggling
with his powers.
MARUCHO: Huh?
ANUBIAS: Gate Card, set!
[grunt]
ANUBIAS: Bakugan...
DAN: ...Brawl!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
ANUBIAS: You got lucky!
DAN: You keep telling yourself that newbie!
ANUBIAS: Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: End Gardiner Alpha!
DAN: What's this?
DRAGO: This fog is so thick.
I can't see a thing.
[howl]
DRAGO: There you are.
DRAGO: What are you up to?
[howl]
DRAGO: Hold on...
DRAGO: It's like he's got me surrounded.
But how is that possible?
DRAGO: Aarrgghh!
DAN: Drago!
DRAGO: [groan]
DAN: How could he be attacking from all sides
when there's only one Horridian?
ANUBIAS: Haven't you heard of divide and conquer?
DRAGO: What the? He's split into three!
DAN: Whoa!
ANUBIAS: Splitting Horridian apart does cut
his power into thirds but on the upside...
ANUBIAS: ...it makes the pack three times faster!
DRAGO: [grunt]
ANUBIAS: So Dan, are you going to fight me or run away?
DAN: Drago!
DRAGO: Don't worry about me!
I'm good!
Time to hit back!
DAN: Okay!
I've got a plan!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Hard Striker!
DRAGO: I can do this. Just need to keep it together.
DAN: Drago!
DRAGO: Aarrgghh!
DRAGO: Choke on this you pack of mutts!
[howl]
DAN: Atta boy, Drago!
ANUBIAS: Okay, Kuso.
I'm not too proud to admit,
that was impressive indeed.
ANUBIAS: Gate Card, open!
ANUBIAS: Darkus Nebulus!
DRAGO: What's happening?
DRAGO: [grunt] Aarrgghh!
DRAGO: A little help would be good right now Dan!
[grunt]
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Force Striker!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
ANUBIAS: Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Tribal Crusher!
ANUBIAS: Let's see who caves!
DAN: It won't be us!
ANUBIAS: Guess you're not going down peacefully.
DAN: And that surprises you?
ANUBIAS: I guess not.
ANUBIAS: Hah!
Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Deadly Nightmare!
DRAGO: [grunt]
DAN: Can we Drago?
DRAGO: Just do it!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Thor Buster!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DAN: [grunt] Oh no!
ANUBIAS: Horridian! Duck!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: Huuuuuaaaaaah!
DAN: [grunt]
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [terrified screams]
DAN: Aw man!
MARUCHO: This is really bad!
SHUN: Drago's losing control again!
NOAH: Whoah!
NOAH: Wooooaaaahhhh!
NOAH: Uh.
NOAH: Hey thanks.
ANUBIAS: We've got to put Drago out of commission!
ANUBIAS: Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Tribal Crusher!
DRAGO: [grunt]
DRAGO: Aarrgghh!
ANUBIAS: [grunt] That's one a piece!
The next one decides the match!
ANUBIAS: You're not thinking of quitting are you?
DAN: Yeah right! Not on your life!
ANUBIAS: Hah! Well then?
DAN: Gate Card, set!
DAN: Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Bakugan Stand!
ANUBIAS: Bakugan Brawl!
ANUBIAS: Bakugan Stand!
ANUBIAS: Rise Darkus Horridian!
DAN: Let's go, Pyrus Titanium Dragonoid!
DAN: I have to get Drago through this without him
losing control of his powers!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Titanium Hummer!
DRAGO: Argh!
ANUBIAS: Hand to hand combat?
DRAGO: [grunt]
Hmmmph!
ANUBIAS: You're holding back again!
Don't insult me like that, Kuso!
DAN: [frustrated grunt]
DRAGO: [grunt]
ANUBIAS: Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Mangler Claw!
DRAGO: Hmmmph!
ANUBIAS: Get back here and fight you lousy coward!
Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Deadly Nightmare!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Titanium Screen!
ANUBIAS: Go Horridian!
Don't let these guys turtle again!
DRAGO: [grunt]
ANUBIAS: That's it! Hit them again!
DAN: Drago! Watch out!
DRAGO: Hmmmph!
DRAGO: Whoa!
BOY A: Aw man!
Look at that!
Drago's running scared!
BOY B: So much for being the best!
GIRL A: You stink Drago!
NOAH: [sigh]
ANUBIAS: What's wrong with you?
Why won't you fight me like a man?
Huh Kuso?
DAN: Hmmm...
ANUBIAS: I'm asking you a question!
Answer me now!
ANUBIAS: [angry grunt]
ANUBIAS: You leave me no choice.
Ability activate.
Tribal Crusher.
DAN: [grunt] Run Drago!
DRAGO: What?
DRAGO: [gasp]
DRAGO: [grunt]
DAN: Drago!
DRAGO: Huarrgghh!
ANUBIAS: Pathetic! You call that a battle?
DAN: [gasp]
TRISTAR: That was embarrassing.
MARUCHO: Well, I guess the only way they could
control Drago's new powers was to hold back
during battle.
NOAH: I..I stuck up for you.
[angry grunt]
And you totally punked out on me!
NOAH: [frustrated grunt]
DAN: [gasp]
ANUBIAS: I think you owe me an explanation.
ANUBIAS: Even though we're rivals, I still have
respect for you and I'd hoped that you had
the same for me.
Clearly I was wrong, otherwise you wouldn't
have insulted me by battling with the
skills of a total amateur.
DAN: [angry grunt]
ANUBIAS: If your heart's not in it
maybe you should just quit.
[\u266a]
SHUN: Something strange has been going on with
Dan and Drago ever since we returned from Neathia.
The problem is, whenever we ask them about it,
they change the subject; but when we discovered that
they were training in secret, we had to confront them.
SHUN: Unfortunately, before we could get an
answer out of them, Sellon challenged them to a
battle, and of course Dan accepted.
Given his messed up mental state, I figured it would
be a good idea if I joined in.
SHUN: Things got pretty crazy, but rather than
spoil the surprise, why don't you tune in!
SHUN: If we don't get to the bottom of Dan and
Drago's problems it could destroy the Brawlers, for good.